A C based library for the Raft consensus protocol using a BSD license. This software does not include networking logic. The person using it must manage all data movement. The system does not assume the network will order messages or find duplicates. This allows the use of UDP. You can build the project by running the make tests command. Safety is verified through a simulator and other testing tools. All errors have specific tests to prevent them from coming back. The simulator verifies that logs match and elections are valid. It also tests network partitions and message loss. 

The source code exists as one single header file named raft.h. You can download this file using the clib tool. Use two separate threads if you do not have coroutines. One thread handles peer communication while the other manages clients. The library is not thread safe so you must manage access. 

Start the server by creating a new instance. Add nodes to the group by calling the node addition function for each peer. Every node needs a random integer ID. Call the periodic function at regular intervals to keep the system running. When a client sends data you must check the leader status. Redirect the client if the node is not the leader. Wait for the data to reach a majority of nodes before confirming it. 

You must provide functions to send votes and save information to a disk. These functions keep the server safe if it restarts. Add or remove nodes using specific log entries. Use snapshots to keep the log size small. The person using the library manages sending snapshots to other nodes. Future updates will include faster ways to handle many log entries at once and more efficient read queries.
